## Airport Simulation
### Problem Statement:You are to simulate airplane arrivals and departures from a fictitious airport with a single runway. The purpose of this simulator is to estimate how long aircraft will wait to access the runway, and, under really bad circumstances, how many will run out of fuel and crash because the runway does not become available soon enough.### Constraints:1. Between 0 and 5 airplanes may arrive per time interval.2. Each arriving flight is given a unique flight number prior to entering the landing queue.3. The single runway can accommodate up to two events, either departure or arrival or both, per time interval. The control tower determines which flights have waited the longest and grants access of the runway to them. If there is a tie between an arriving flight and a departing flight, the arriving flight is given the runway first. However, arriving flights that have nearly depleted fuel take priority over other flights.4. You will have a queue for the planes that are ready to land and another queue for those ready to takeoff.5. Each airplane that needs to land has enough fuel to keep it in flight for between 1 to at most 25 time units.6. An airplane needs 1 unit of time to land.7. If a flight will run out of fuel during the next time unit, you should move it to the head of the landing queue, unless there are flights at the head of the queue that need to land just as urgently, in which case, the flight is placed behind them in the queue.8. If an airplane exhausts its fuel supply before landing then marked the flight as having crashed.
### Initial Conditions:There are initially no airplanes that are in the landing queue, and there are initially no flights awaiting departure. Y our queues have no effective limit on size.### Operation:Use a random number generator to generate the number of planes (0~5) and the initial amounts of fuel of these planesthat arrive for landing during each time interval. As soon as an arriving flight lands it is placed in the queue ready for departure. Run the simulation for 1000 time units, after which there will be no more inbound flights and all the remaining flights will land and take off until there is no flight left for processing.### Data Displays:For each time interval, each tick of a unit of time, show (print):
1. the current time interval number,2. the landing queue size,3. identifier of each flight in the landing queue and its available fuel time,4. the departing queue size,5. identifier of each flight in thedeparting queue,6. total number of successful landingsduring the interval,7. identifier of each arriving flight,8. total number of successful departuresfor the interval,9. identifier of each departed flight,10. the number of crashes occurring in thisinterval.

At the end of the simulation show (print):

1. The average queue lengths per unit oftime for departures and arrivals.2. The average elapsed time (mean waitto land) between arrival and landing. 3. The average elapsed time (mean wait to takeoff) between beginningdeparture and takeoff.4. The total number of successful arrivalsand departures and the total number of crashes due to fuel exhaustion.
### StrategyThe basic idea is this. You want to create two queues, one for departures and one for arrivals. Each of these queues should contain Flights, including the name of the flight and the time at which it requested the runway.In the simplest possible implementation, you could just have a work loop and advance the time 1 unit at a time. Since planes circling above are consuming fuel, they should have priority over planes awaiting departure from the ground.